Edits from R-Ladies review (#66)
Bioconductor/biocblog: posts/2024-07-20-rladies-bioconductor-collaboration/index.qmd

Reviewer: `L33–35`: 
-   Jointly host events with local chapters
-   Promote R-Ladies local watch parties of live-casted or pre-recorded events and professional networking events for Bioconductor conferences (using content from BioC: BioC North America, BioCAsia, EuroBioC).
-   Highlight Bioconductor speakers at R + computational biology R-Ladies events across chapters

`L45`:
We `recently kicked` off ... [change tense since it's now in the past]

We are excited to invite you to join a new collaboration between two global communities, each committed to building diverse developer communities around the world, R-Ladies and Bioconductor.

[R-Ladies](http://rladies.org) is a worldwide organization whose mission is to promote gender diversity in the R community.

> R-Ladies Global started in 2016 and has expanded to more than 200 chapters in 60+ countries worldwide.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
R-Ladies Global started in 2016 and has expanded to more than 200 chapters in 60+ countries worldwide.
R-Ladies chapters work alongside other like-minded communities such as [LatinR](https://latin-r.com/en/), [RainbowR](https://rainbowr.netlify.app/), [miR](https://mircommunity.com/), [ArabR](https://arabr.github.io), [AfricaR](https://r4africa.org/), and [AsiaR](https://github.com/asiar-community).
```

**Get Involved**

Excited to join us in this initiative?
Here's how you can get started:

> -   Learn more about our joint efforts at the [Bioconductor Working Group page](https://workinggroups.bioconductor.org/currently-active-working-groups-committees.html#r-ladies-and-bioc).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
-   Learn more about and partake in our joint initiative at the [Bioconductor Working Group page](https://workinggroups.bioconductor.org/currently-active-working-groups-committees.html#r-ladies-and-bioc).
```
